/** \addtogroup platform
 * @{ **/

/**
\defgroup win32 Microsoft Windows

It is possible to run an entire Contiki system as a program under
Microsoft Windows.

\author Oliver Schmidt <ol.sc@web.de>
\section win32-getting-started Getting started

The Microsoft Windows port of Contiki doesn't use the the Contiki build system.
Instead it is built with the Microsoft Visual C++. If you already have Microsoft
Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition (or better) installed you're ready to go.

Otherwise you can download and install the free Visual C++ 2005 Express Edition.
I'd recommend to download the full package and then do a local install. That so
called Manual Installation is described on this page:
http://msdn.microsoft.com/vstudio/express/support/install/

Then follow the instructions on this page carefully (Note - You only need to
install the Microsoft Windows Core SDK from the Microsoft Platform SDK):
http://msdn.microsoft.com/vstudio/express/visualc/usingpsdk/default.aspx

Finally you might want to integrate the Platform SDK help content into the IDE
help system (although this isn't necessary for Contiki development) by choosing
this topic in the IDE help system and following the instructions given:
ms-help://MS.VSExpressCC.v80/dv_vsexpcc/local/CollectionManagerExpress.htm

For network I/O you need the WinPcap library which is available on this page:
http://www.winpcap.org/install/default.htm

I'd recommend to install the Wireshark network protocol analyzer which uses (and
therefore comes with) the WinPcap libary from this page instead of installing
just the WinPcap library from the page above:
http://www.wireshark.org/download.html

Doubleclicking contiki-2.x\\platform\\win32\\contiki.sln should bring up the IDE
and load the Contiki Solution. This takes some time if done for the first time
as the source is scanned and quite some metadata gets generated.

Now press F7 for Build Solution and then F5 for Start Debugging. This should
bring up Contiki inside a new command prompt window. Starting Contiki in the
debugger has the benefit of having the debug output routed to the IDE output
pane.

Depending on your settings for command prompt windows the mouse should work
right away with Contiki.

Contiki resizes its desktop on resizing the command prompt window Contiki is
running in.

Beside the Contiki Quit menu entry you can safely use Ctrl-C for a clean exit.
You'll notice that when running Contiki from an already open command prompt
window (that therefore doesn't close on Contiki exit): The caption, colors,
cursor, ... are restored.

@{

*/


/** @} */
/** @} */
